Mr. Su, the information you want has been found.
Things are a little bad
Are you sure you want to see it?
What's the specific situation?
Say it
Revival is not actually the work of the vice president
According to my investigation
He's the secretary to the president of our rival company
Absolutely.
Yes, he is very likely a spy sent by the family to inquire about the news
The existence near Mr. Su has always been a hidden danger for our company
Before it causes disaster
We have to get rid of him quickly
OK, I'm on my own
You go and call him in for me
What's the matter?
You investigate me
You as my assistant
Shouldn't I investigate you?
You were right to investigate me
But how can you guarantee that what you find is true?
The relationship between the boss of this company and Mr. Yang is not ordinary
He can give you face
It makes sense.